Html is basic skeliton of a webpage. without html we can not see anything.
means even the a webpage will not open with html.

CSS is for styling the webpage.

and after these two we need something to make our website interactive.
we can choose any language for that pupose out of available options.
be it python, php javascript. etc 
So we choose javascript because it has a very large support and is gaining popularityvery fast.

And it has so many  benifits because it gets performed on the client side.
means the functions and evrything even the processing and the rendering of the graphics would be on the client side.

since this is a client side web based language so it doesnt need any installation or anything.
it can directly run onto the browser.just like html and css.

now in html evrything works with tags.
and tags need to be closed properly to work.
we have to remember few points that we have learned till now .
1. always try to put all the different technologies in different files. same location but different files.
2. if we ever need to create a inpage script. make sure to use it after the body end. so that the basic poage can load first then all of the script can work later.
3. while working with CSS . always remember the difference between class and id.
ID is denoted by "#" and class is denoted by "."
4. Class, like in other languages, is like a blueprint which we can use multiple times. but id is something which we can give to only one item.
5. while writing a tag if you want to give it a class. use "." e.g. if we write div.container and hit enter.
it will automatically convert it to <div class="container"></div>
6. similarly for id we use # . like button#clickable
it will turn into <button id="clickable"></button>
7. div tag is used for creating a seperate division in which we can do anything we want.and we can control the size of the div according to our need.
8. operators and arrays are same as other languages. the dictionaries in python are called here objects in javascript.
9.logical AND is && and logical OR  c is || if we use single of these then they will become bitwise and and or.
10. the functions here are defined with the help of keyword function and they are enclosed in {}. we can return the values here as well.
11. if else is also same here as JAVA just use {}.  
12. for loop and while and do while is also same as JAVA.There is a ForEach Loop in js it works as in Index.js file
13.break and continue is also same.
14. array methods and properties can be accessed by using "." like in the idex.html example.
15. We can perform different types of string operations as well. we just have to use"." here as well.
16. DOM manipulation is an imortant part. of learning. DOM is document object model. and its nothing but just the whole document which our webpage loads and displays.
17. There are differen types of inbuilt functions and classes as well. E.g. Date, 
18. strings and arrays are iterable but objects are not iterable.
